
Karan Waratkar

NM-449 Shakti Nagar
Chandrapur India 
Cell: 7304161718
E-Mail: karanwaratkar6@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Software Developer with training and experience in JAVA programming. Knowledgeable in wide range of development languages and methodologies. Bright critical thinker with proven talent for learning quickly in results-oriented environment.

Skills

Program development

Java

Database

Data Structure

HTML

CSS

Python

Experience

October 2019 to Current
Cerillion Technlogies Pune, India
Graduate Analyst Programmer    

Worked on our Customer Care and Billing Product along

with development team and product owner.
 The role involves producing designs and

implementing code changes to achieve desired functionality.
Key tasks include:

Development

Unit testing

Supporting testing team and resolving issues

Release

Supporting build & release team by providing any additional build

and release instructions

Education

February 2020 CDAC ACTS Pune, India
Post Graduation Diploma in Advance Computing  

July 2018 KDK College of Engineering Nagpur , India
Bachelor of Engineering   

June 2013 Vidya Niketan Junior College  Chandrapur, India
12th  

Academic project

E-DAC

E-DAC is an Web application to manage students attendance details and to provide online mock tests for students. The project

has been developed using Spring Boot as back-end technology, Angular as front-end technology and MySQL for

database management. The project makes use of Restful APIs .The attendance report can be generated at the end of

the session or in between session and teachers can add new questions for online tests using csv.

Design and Fabrication of Lower Body Exoskeleton ( Chairless Chair)

Chairless chair is a portable contraption that looks nothing like a chair and allows you to sit on it whenever you

want and wherever you want. This flexible, ergonomic device looks more like an exoskeleton and extends from the

hip to the backs of the feet and adapts to different body sizes and safety shoes.
